**Step 1: Node.js Installation**

I installed Node.js by downloading the installer from the official Node.js website (https://nodejs.org/). Then, I followed the installer's instructions to complete the installation on my system. To verify that Node.js was installed correctly, I executed the `node -v` command in my terminal.

**Step 2: Downloading Dependencies using PNPM**

Ensuring that I had PNPM installed on my system, I ran `npm install -g pnpm` to install PNPM globally. Then, I navigated to the folder where I wanted to create my project.

**Step 3: Starting a Node.js Project with PNPM**

Using the `pnpm init` command, I initiated a new Node.js project. During this process, I followed the prompts to configure my project's information, which generated a `package.json` file for my project.

**Step 4: Installation of Necessary Dependencies with PNPM**

I used the following command to install all the necessary dependencies for my project:

```
pnpm add express cors dotenv prisma jsonwebtoken cookie-parser nodemon @prisma/client
```

**Step 5: Creating Folder and File Structure**

Within my project, I created a folder called "src" at the root to organize all the source code for my application. Then, inside the "src" folder, I set up the structure following the MVC (Model-View-Controller) conventions:

**Model-View-Controller (MVC):**

- Within "src," I created the following subfolders and files:
  - "Models": This folder is for storing data models.
  - "Views": If needed, this is where I stored my application's views.
  - "Controllers": In this folder, I placed controllers that handle the logic of my application.

**Project Configuration:**

- For project configurations, I created a folder named "config" inside "src." In this folder, I defined the following files:
  - `env.js`: This reusable JavaScript file declares environment variables that I use in other files, such as database configurations or secret keys.
  - `cors.js`: Here, I configured CORS (Cross-Origin Resource Sharing) handling for my Express server, controlling who can access my API.

**Main Server File:**

- Inside the "src" folder, I created a file named `index.js` that serves as the entry point for my application. In this file, I placed the necessary code to start the Node.js server.

**Environment Variables:**

- At the root of my project, I created a file named `.env` to store application-specific environment variables, such as secret keys or sensitive configurations.

With these steps, I have set up a Node.js development environment and created the folder and file structure for my project. From here, I can develop my web application using Express and the installed dependencies, following the MVC pattern to efficiently organize my code.
